1) What was happening in 1775?
. The 13 colonies in America were still under British rule. The British traded goods with the colonies. King George III of England and the British Parliament required colonists to pay small taxes to Great Britain. However, later Parliament started raising taxes and placed them on items and goods. The colonists reacted angrily, and their first protest was The Boston Tea Party. But this did not stop Britain.
2) Why did the colonists seek independence?
. The colonies were still a part of Great Britain, but felt cheated. People living in Great Britain had a voice in government matters and were represented in parliament. They deserved the same rights, and wanted to become free from Britain.
3) What is the Declaration of Independence?
. A legal document declaring the colonies independent or in other words, free from Great Britain. It was also the founding document of the United States, clearly stating all the ideas the country was build on.
4) Why was the Declaration of Independence written?
. The colonies had tried to ask Parliament and King George to make changes. The First Continental Congress had sent a list of their complaints. Unfortunately, no changes were made, and tensions rose. Colonists knew it was time for a big change. After a letter from the Second Continental Congress failed, the Declaration of Independence was written.
5) Who wrote the Declaration of Independence?
. The committee drafting the document included Thomas Jefferson, John Adams, Benjamin Franklin, Roger Sherman, and Robert Livingston. Jefferson wrote most of it, and after finishing his draft, Adams and Franklin made changes to key words and phrases, then creating a list of charges against King George.
6) Who signed the document?
. Fifty-six men signed, each colony represented by at least one signer.
7) What does the Declaration of Independence say?
. The Declaration of Independence is divided into five parts. The introduction explains the reason for the document, listing the problems forcing the colonies to seek independence. Next, the preamble lists the rights the United States is founded upon, mainly focusing on equality for all. The first section of the body is the list of grievances against King George and Parliament. The second section of the body lays out how the colonists tried to get the British to make changes. The conclusion restates that King George is not fit to rule over the colonies.
8) Who was the Declaration of Independence written for?
. Mainly for Parliament and King George.
9) Where did the document ideas come from?
. Thomas Jefferson did not come up with the ideas behind the document, instead most concerns coming from political philosophers and theorists from that era. Jefferson wanted the document to reflect the thoughts of all Americans and not just his own.
10) What was the Declaration of Independence's impact?
.
11) Where is the original document kept?
.
12) What does the document mean today?
.
